docs/`eth_simulateV1` (#30476)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/interacting-with-geth/rpc/ns-eth.md

Documentation for the API methods in the `eth` namespace can be found on [ethereum.org](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#eth_protocolversion). Geth provides several extensions to the standard "eth" JSON-RPC namespace that are defined below.

### eth_simulateV1 {#eth-simulate-v1}
The `eth_simulateV1` method allows the simulation of multiple blocks and transactions without creating transactions or blocks on the blockchain. It functions similarly to `eth_call`, but offers more control. Like `eth_call`, `eth_simulateV1` has a maximum gas limit for the entire simulation, this limit can be adjusted with command line parameter `--rpc.gascap`.

> 

Reviewer: add slf4j

**Parameters:**
The method takes two parameters:
1) `Object` - `eth_simulate` payload
2) `Quantity | Tag` - The block number or the string `latest`, specifying the parent block for the simulation. The simulated blocks will be built on top of this.

The `eth_simulate` payload structure:
   | Field                    | Type              | Optional | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
   | :----------------------- | :---------------- | :------- | :------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
   | `blockStateCalls`        | `BlockStateCalls` | False    | N/A     | Definition of blocks that can contain calls and overrides                                                                                                                                                                       |

>    | `traceTransfers`         | `Binary`          | Yes      | False   | Adds ETH transfers as ERC20 transfer events to the logs. These transfers have emitter contract parameter set as address(`0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee`). This allows you to track movements of ETH in your calls. |

Reviewer 2: `Binary` can be confused with a byte array. Please use `bool` instead.

   | `validation`             | `Binary`          | Yes      | False   | When true, the `eth_simulateV1` does all the validation that a normal EVM would do, except contract sender and signature checks. When false, `eth_simulateV1` behaves like `eth_call`.                                          |
   | `returnFullTransactions` | `Binary`          | Yes      | False   | When true, the method returns full transaction objects, otherwise, just hashes are returned.                                                                                                                                    |

> `BlockStateCalls` is an array of objects, the single object definition is described below. The size of this array may be limited depending on the client as a DOS protection. 256 is a common/recommended limit as it is the same limit used by BLOCKHASH opcode.

Reviewer 2: The sentence you used here is suitable for a spec. In geth there is a limit and that is 256.

```suggestion
`BlockStateCalls` is an array of objects, the single object definition is described below. The total number of blocks for a single request is limited to 256. This includes any gap blocks that client generated.
```

Author: does geth have a parameter that can be used to change this 256 block cap?

   | `feeRecipient`  | `address`     | Fee recipient (also known as coinbase)                                                                                                                    |
   | `withdrawals`   | `Withdrawals` | Withdrawals made by validators                                                                                                                            |
   | `baseFeePerGas` | `uint256`     | Base fee per unit of gas                                                                                                                                  |
   | `blobBaseFee`   | `uint64`      | Base fee per unit of blob gas                                                                                                                             |

The object `withdrawals` is an array of withdrawal objects:
   | Field            | Type      | Description     |
   | :--------------- | :-------- | :-------------- |
   | `index`          | `uint64`  | index           |
   | `validatorIndex` | `uint64`  | validator index |
   | `address`        | `address` | address         |
   | `amount`         | `uint64`  | amount          |

> The `StateOverrides` is a dictionary of addresses that will be overriden with the `AccountOverride` object. The account overriding works similar to the `eth_call`, except there's one added field: `movePrecompileToAddress`. Move precompile to address moves addresses precompile into the specified address. This move is done before the `code` override is set. So you can move the precompile somewhere else, and replace the precompile with any EVM bytecode. This EVM bytecode can then call the original precompile in the new address. This makes the most sense for ecrecover precompile. When the specified address is not a precompile, the behaviour is undefined.

Author: eth_calls documentation does not have information about precompile move. Should I add the info there and then just refer it in eth_simulatev1 docs?

On failure:
   | Field        | Type                                             | Description                                   |
   | :----------- | :----------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
   | `status`     | `"0x0"`                                          | Status indicating that the transaction failed |
   | `returnData` | `bytes`                                          | Transactions return data                      |
   | `gasUsed`    | `uint64`                                         | Gas used by the transaction                   |
   | `error`      | `{ code: uint64, message: string, data: bytes }` | Error code, data and message                  |

On success:
   | Field        | Type              | Description                                      |
   | :----------- | :---------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
   | `status`     | `"0x1"`           | Status indicating that the transaction succeeded |
   | `returnData` | `bytes`           | Transactions return data                         |
   | `gasUsed`    | `uint64`          | Gas used by the transaction                      |

>    | `logs`       | `CallResultLog[]` | Error code and message                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   | `logs`       | `CallResultLog[]` | Log events emitted during call.                           |
```
